---
layout: default
title: That Midnight Train
---

So tonight finds me on a midnight train to Sapporo, due to arrive around 6am it's one of the older style non-shinkansen trains. 
The neat thing is at one point it should go under the water in a tunnel to Hokkaido. I'm a bit unsure what to do once I get there but I have about 7 hours to figure that out. My rail pass also runs out tomorrow which may prove to be a big inconvenience as I don't think it's possible to get one from within Japan. The last few days have been a whirlwind so far and not too much time was spent idling in any one place. The last time I wrote here was most likely after arriving in Kyoto. I thoroughly enjoyed my time there, and we made day trips to Miyajimi, Hiroshima and Nara. Everyone got a bit lazy and we never got around to checking out Osaka at all, which was a shame. My Japanese is slightly improving if you call grunting out and pointing at phrasebooks improvements. I feel that if I spent more time in Japan though I'd definitely get a handle on it. I don't really miss New York or California yet which is fine since my extended stay allows me almost no time to explore San Francisco on my return leg. 
The last day before the group split ways we spent one night in an onsen (hot spring spa) in Ito. It was glorious, there's a whole procedure to going enjoying an onsen and foreigners seem to be good at messing it up. The thing that gets them in trouble the most is not washing up before they enter the spring, or getting nervous about being naked. It's inceredibly relaxing however if done correctly and you emerge refreshed and with your senses completely numb. Yet another thing I've added to my list of things to miss back in the US. Hopefully more updates when I get where I'm going. 
