---
layout: default
title: Sleepless Nights
---

This is actually my second time starting this post, I got about two sentences in earlier before deciding  I didn't really have anything to say. This is not usually a problem for me since I'm always half writing in my thoughts all the time. My biggest obstacle is coming across something I feel is post worthy following the thought through to its natural conclusion and then trying to get back into t he state I was in when it first occured. Then it's a question of actually typing the whole breadth of the idea to completion and if it's a thought based on earlier musings the task starts to get a bit to ambitious for a simple post. Which brings us full circle to the point of this post. I'm planning on moving in the next week and starting a new job, so I've been thinking all sorts of curious things. I've changed jobs more than most people have so that part isn't making me nervous. It's the resignation that comes with realizing I'll have to conform to some sort of eat -> sleep -> wake pattern thats most sobering. It's the sheer time sink that I dislike most about working. This naturally got me thinking to what would be my ideal job or living situation. So this brings me to my question if money was no object what sort of lifestyle would I be living. What lifestyle do I aspire to? It's like the age old interview question "Design your dream job" but minus the hassle of the rest of the interview or wanting that gig. So my dream setup would be some sort of permanent travel arrangement. Perhaps RV'ing in an old hippie VW van across the continent. Mobile enough to keep moving but stolid enough to keep some key important stuff with me. That and the ability to eat at a restaurant or cafe whenever I wanted. That's mostly all I want out of life, not sure if thats a good or bad thing yet.  
