---
layout: default
title: The Pipes
---


Well happy new year and all that jazz. I haven't been ignoring you my precious ugly blog, au contrare. On the contrary
you've been in my thoughts many times since my last post here. Mainly I've wanted to capture thoughts or fragments of
thoughts as I go about my daily routine. One thing I've been watching this past month is the growing internet backlash
to [SOPA](http://http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOPA) and [PIPA](http://http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PROTECT_IP_Act). 
Communities such as Reddit and Stackexchange are already trying to garner support and organize citizen resistance to these overarching laws. 
The opposition boils down to the language used in each bill and how it leaves room for interpretation to restrict sites from publishing content. 
Given the fact that it sailed through both houses so far speaks testament to the MPAA/RIAA monies behind the writers.
It's amazing how often the interent is being used to combat bad legislation and yet at the same time how often this legislation keeps being written. 
It's almost analagous to a cold war about the future of global communication / distribution. The good news is we've got a lot of smart people on our side. 
The bad news is the public practically doesn't give a damn. I find the latter most disquieting. I've observed laws badly conceived, written and past in my lifetime that 
have resulted in real harm to the world and people I care about. However we still aren't getting the populace at large involved in effectiviley stopping legislation that would harm them directly. Others would hear this and cry "Education", but in truth I think we're entering an age of information fatigue.
Education while altruistic in purpose can often be subtly biased by the teacher. We're only going to see the information available to people grow and grow while the channel bandwidth stays the same. 
At the same time people have crowdsourced activities such as Reddit where they can associate with others, unfortunately this also multiplies the polarization effect. I'm not sure where we'll go for here but it's foolish to suppose we can go backwards, thats the only reason I think eventually SOPA and PIPA will ultimately fail.  

